docs: split README into one for each action (#46)
canonical/craft-actions: snapcraft/setup/README.md

# snapcraft/setup

Set up Snapcraft on a runner.

## Usage

```yaml
- name: Set up Snapcraft
  uses: canonical/craft-actions/snapcraft/setup@main
```

This installs and configures LXD and Snapcraft.

### Inputs

All inputs and their defaults.

```yaml
- name: Set up Snapcraft
  uses: canonical/craft-actions/snapcraft/setup@main
  with:
    # The channel to install the Snapcraft snap from.
    channel: 'latest/stable'
    
    # The revision of the Snapcraft snap to install.
    # Overrides the `channel` option.
    revision: ''

    # The channel to install the LXD snap from.

>     # If left blank, defaults to the current recommended channel for Snapcraft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # If unset or set to an empty string, the current recommended channel for Snapcraft is installed.
```
